Category 1

London Attractions.

1. Warner Bros. Studio Tour London
Have a magical day out with a behind-the-scenes tour of the Harry Potter films at Warner Bros. Studio Tour London The Making of Harry Potter. See first-hand the sets, costumes and props used in all the Harry Potter films, and step inside some of the films' locations, including the Great Hall, Dumbledore's office and Hagrid's hut. It's the ultimate Harry Potter experience!

2. The London Eye
Climb aboard one of the 32 glass capsules of the London Eye for unforgettable views of some of London's most famous landmarks. Take in amazing 360-degree views as the capsule slowly rotates over the river Thames.

3. Hop-on hop-off bus tour
Make the most of your trip to London with a hop-on hop-off bus tour. Spot iconic sites with a live guide (or audio guide) and hop on and off the sightseeing buses as often as you like. Famous attractions you'll see en route include Buckingham Palace, the London Eye and St Paul's Cathedral.

4. Tower of London
Take a tour with one of the Yeoman Warders around the Tower of London, one of the world's most famous buildings. Discover its 900-year history as a royal palace, prison and place of execution, arsenal, jewel house and zoo! Gaze up at the White Tower, tiptoe through a medieval king's bedchamber and marvel at the Crown Jewels.

5. Buckingham Palace
Enjoy a glimpse into the life of royalty with a visit to this iconic London palace for a limited time each summer. Wander through the grand State Rooms, discovering many treasures and artefacts, and marvel at a special exhibition. Finish your self-guided tour in the quaint gardens, where you can see the famous lake.

6. Madame Tussauds London
At Madame Tussauds London, you'll come face-to-face with some of the world's most famous faces. From Shakespeare to Taylor Swift, you'll meet influential figures from showbiz, sport, politics and even royalty. Strike a pose with Usain Bolt, get close to Beyoncé or enjoy the Marvel Universe 4D Experience.

7. British Museum
See the best of the world’s history, art and culture on a two-hour British Museum Guided Tour. Led by an expert guide, highlights include the world-famous Rosetta Stone, the key to deciphering Egyptian hieroglyphics, relics from The Sutton Hoo ship burial and more.
