Catorgory 2

Sports Venue in London

1. Arsenal Emirates Stadium
Visit Emirates Stadium, the home of Arsenal FC. Take the self-guided audio tour of The Gunners’ north London home to see the changing room, walk down the tunnel and enter the Directors’ Box. Or opt for a 90-minute guided tour led by one of Arsenal’s legendary players. Tours also include entry into the Arsenal Museum.

2. Wembley Stadium
The home of football, Wembley Stadium is one of the world’s most famous football stadiums. Go beneath the iconic arch on the guided Wembley Stadium tour that includes the changing rooms, press room, tunnel and Royal Box – where The FA Cup awaits your arrival!

3. Twickenham Stadium
Feel like a rugby legend on a Twickenham Stadium Tour. Run out through the tunnel, take a seat in the dressing room and see normally out-of-bounds parts of the ground – including VIP areas such as the Royal Box. Part of the tour, the interactive World Rugby Museum charts the history of the sport to the modern day.

4. Chelsea FC Stadium
Learn about the history of Chelsea FC on a Stamford Bridge stadium tour. Take your pick from various options, including guided tours by former stars, as you go behind the scenes of the west London football club’s stadium. See the dugouts, walk through the tunnel and more. Tours also include entry to the Chelsea FC Museum.

5. Tottenham Hotspur Stadium
Experience being inside one of London's newest stadiums, Tottenham Hotspur Stadium. During a 90-minute guided tour, you'll explore the north London home of Spurs and host venue of the NFL London Games, including the dressing rooms and media area, and learn more about the history of the football club.

6. London Stadium
Built for the London 2012 Olympic and Paralympic Games, London Stadium is today home to West Ham United FC and UK Athletics. Enjoy a view from pitchside, visit the indoor running track and take a look in the changing rooms during a tour of this Queen Elizabeth Olympic Park venue.

7.  Fulham Football Club Stadium
One of London’s oldest football grounds, Craven Cottage sits on the banks of the Thames in west London. Start the tour of Fulham FC’s home at the statue of club legend Johnny Haynes, before visiting the changing rooms, press room and a bar full of memorabilia.

8. Kia Oval 
Explore more than 150 years of cricketing history with a tour of the Kia Oval in Kennington, home to the Surrey County Cricket Club. Step onto the field, take a seat in the commentary box and view memorabilia in the Club Museum before ending your 90-minute tour with tea and coffee overlooking the Oval cricket ground.

9.  Wimbledon
Follow in the footsteps of tennis greats on the Wimbledon Lawn Tennis Museum and Tour. Learn about the history of the iconic championships, spot famous memorabilia, visit No.1 Court and access areas normally closed to the public, such as the press interview room.

10.  Lord's Cricket Ground
Much-loved home of the Marylebone Cricket Club (MCC), Lord’s is one of the world’s most iconic cricket grounds. Step into the famous Long Room, see the honours boards, visit the dressing rooms and take in the history during a Lord’s guided tour, before exploring the museum for items such as the Ashes urn.
