Catorgory 4

Theatre in London

1. The Lion King Musical
Follow Simba's adventures in The Lion King musical at the Lyceum Theatre in London's West End. Find out more about the show and how to book The Lion King tickets.
The musical has received several prestigious UK awards, including the 1999 Olivier Award for Best Theatre Choreographer and Best Costume Design.
Disney’s The Lion King has dazzled millions worldwide and is the West End’s sixth longest-running musical. With more than 16 years on stage, it’s a must-see for theatre fans.

2. Wicked the Musical 
Join more than nine million people who have witnessed the previously untold story of two sorcerers and their incredible friendship in Wicked at the Apollo Victoria theatre.
Travel to the Land of Oz and follow the unique destiny of the young witch Elphaba, from her school days to becoming the infamous Wicked Witch of the West. This iconic musical enchants audiences with its spellbinding mix of magic, friendship and rebellion.

3. Mamma Mia!
Enjoy feel-good musical Mamma Mia! at the Novello Theatre in London, as you find out why millions of theatre-goers have be drawn to this show that's spent more than 20 years on the West End stage.
The much loved musical continues to dazzle London with its infectious ABBA tunes and heartwarming story of love, laughter, and family dynamics.

4. The Phantom of the Opera
See Andrew Lloyd Webber's award-winning musical, The Phantom of the Opera at His Majesty's Theatre. The musical, composed by Andrew Loyd Webber with lyrics by Charles Hart and Richard Stilgoe, first started on the London West End in 1986 which makes The Phantom of the Opera London the longest-running musical in West End history after Les Miserables.

5. Matilda the Musical
Don't miss the Royal Shakespeare Company's award-winning production of Matilda The Musical at London's Cambridge Theatre. The critically acclaimed musical has won a ground-breaking seven Olivier Awards, including Best New Musical.
Discover the stage adaptation of Roald Dahl's book, written by Dennis Kelly and with music by award-winning musician and actor Tim Minchin. At the heart of the story is Matilda, an amazingly bright little girl with supernatural powers, who struggles with a dysfunctional family and the tyrannical authority of Miss Trunchbull.
Matilda is not just a musical, it's a captivating odyssey celebrating intelligence, resilience and the power of imagination, transporting audiences beyond the limits of the ordinary.
